Change settings route (#149)
meilisearch/documentation: references/settings.md

# Settings

Settings is a list of all the **customization** possible for an index.

> It is possible to update all the settings in one go or individually with the dedicated route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to update all the settings in one go or individually with the dedicated routes.
```

These are the reference pages for the dedicated routes:

> - [Synonym](/references/synonyms.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Synonyms](/references/synonyms.md)
```

> - [Stop words](/references/stop_words.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Stop-words](/references/stop_words.md)
```

- [Ranking rules](/references/ranking_rules.md)
- [Ranking distinct](/references/ranking_distinct.md)

> - [Searchable attribute](/references/searchable_attributes.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Searchable attributes](/references/searchable_attributes.md)
```

> - [Displayed attribute](/references/displayed_attributes.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Displayed attributes](/references/displayed_attributes.md)
```

> - [Index new field](/references/index_new_fields.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Index new fields](/references/index_new_fields.md)
```

#### Body

| Variable          | type |  Description |
|-------------------|-----------------------| --- |

> | **rankingRules** | [Strings] | Ranking rules in their order of importance  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **rankingRules** | [Strings] | Ranking rules in order of importance  |
```

  --data '{
   "rankingRules": [
            "_typo",
            "_words",
            "_proximity",
            "_attribute",
            "_words_position",
            "_exact",
            "dsc(release_date)",
            "dsc(rank)",
        ],
        "rankingDistinct": "movie_id",
        "searchableAttributes": [
            "uid",
            "movie_id",
            "title",
            "description",
            "poster",
            "release_date",
            "rank",
        ],
        "displayedAttributes": [
            "title",
            "description",
            "poster",
            "release_date",
            "rank",
        ],
        "stopWords": [
            "the",
            "a",
            "an",
        ],
        "synonyms": {
            "wolverine": ["xmen", "logan"],
            "logan": ["wolverine"],
        },
        "indexNewFields": false,
    }'
```

#### Response: `202 Accepted`

```json
{
  "updateId": 1
}
```
This `updateId` allows you to [track the current update](/references/updates.md).

## Delete settings

<RouteHighlighter method="DELETE" route="/indexes/:index_uid/settings"/>

Delete the settings of an index.

> All settings will be reset to null except for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All settings will be reset to `null` except for:
```

> -  `indexNewFields` who will be set to its default value of `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  `indexNewFields` that will be set to its default value (`true`).
```

> - `rankingRules` who will have its default ranking rules in their default order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rankingRules` that will be set to its default ranking rules in their default order.
```

<!-- - `searchableAttributes` and `displayedAttributes` who will have all the fields by default. -->

The settings will look like this after the delete has been processed by MeiliSearch

```json
{
    "rankingRules": null,
    "rankingDistinct": null,
    "searchableAttributes": null,
    "displayedAttributes": null,
    "stopWords": null,
    "synonyms": null,
    "indexNewFields": true,
}
```

> The value of `RankingRules` is **null** but they have their default value. When no modification has been made to those settings the field has a value of null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of `RankingRules` is **null** but they have their default value. When no modification has been made to those settings the field has a value of `null`.
```
